XAML IntelliSense (#32)
JaneySprings/DotNet.Meteor: README.md

<p align="center">
<img src="img/header.jpg" width="1180px" alt=".NET Meteor" />
<a href="https://github.com/JaneySprings/DotNet.Meteor/wiki">Documentation</a> | <a href="https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=nromanov.dotnet-meteor">Marketplace</a> | <a href="https://github.com/JaneySprings/DotNet.Meteor/releases">Releases</a>
</p>

---

## Overview

The .NET Meteor allows you to build, debug `.NET 6` / `.NET 7` apps and deploy them to devices or emulators.

- **Cross-Platform** </br>
You can use this extension in the `Windows`, `MacOS`, and `Linux` operation systems.

- **XAML IntelliSense** </br>

> The extension provides basic `XAML` syntax highlighting, shows snippets for .NET MAUI and third-party controls (it's necessary to build your project first).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The extension provides you with a basic `XAML` syntax highlighting and shows snippets for .NET MAUI / third-party controls (it's necessary to build your project first).
```

> - **MAUI Blazor support** </br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **MAUI Blazor Support** </br>
```

> The extension allows you to build and debug `MAUI Blazor` apps. Also you can debug `.razor` files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The extension allows you to build and debug `MAUI Blazor` apps (including the `.razor` files).
```

> - **Multiple folders in workspace support** </br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Multiple Folders in a Workspace** </br>
```

> The extension allows you to using muliple folders in the workspace and switch the current running project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use muliple folders in your workspace and change the current running project.
```

- **F# support** </br>

> This extension can build and debug projects, written in the `F#` language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your can build and debug projects, written in the `F#` language.
```

---

## Run the Application

1. Open a project's folder.
2. Open the Run and Debug VSCode tab and click the `create a launch.json file`.
3. In the opened panel, select the `.NET Meteor Debugger`.
4. In the status bar, select a project (if your opened folder contains several projects) and a configuration (the debug is the default).
5. In the status bar, click the device name and select a target device/emulator from the opened panel.

> 6. Press `F5` to debug the application or `ctrl + F5` to launch the application without debugging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Press `F5` (_default VSCode shorcut_) to debug the application or `Ctrl + F5` (_default VSCode shorcut_) to launch the application without debugging.
```

7. Enjoy!

![image](./img/demo_dbg.gif)

---

## Compatibility

The following table lists supported .NET target platforms and their capabilities:

| Application Type | Build and Run | Debugging |
|-|:-:|:-:|

> | **WinUI** |✅ | ❌ |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **WinUI** |✅ | ❌* |
```

| **Android** | ✅ | ✅ |
| **iOS** | ✅ | ✅ |
| **MacCatalyst** | ✅ | ✅ |

> *You can debug WinUI apps using the C# VSCode extension with attaching the .NET Core Debugger*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* _You can attach the .NET Core Debugger (included in the **C#** VSCode extension) to debug WinUI apps._
```
